hi my name is Laura and today I want to
talk with you about how to write haiku
poems a haiku poem is a short poem which
is no more than three phrases sort of
reflecting on a moment in time or an
image in nature a good place for you to
go first of all when you're starting to
write haikus is haiku calm which is
actually a big online community of lots
and lots of different haikus the example
that I'm using today is an anonymous
haiku submitted to that website so
basically you can write your haiku about
anything but generally haikus are
written about nature and a feeling in
time so what you want to do is you want
to start by putting yourself into a calm
mood in order to start writing your
haiku and contemplate something
beautiful that you've seen recently like
for example the haiku that I'm reading
today was prompted by a picture of a
drop of water on a standing on a piece
of grass and so people were responded
with their haikus to this visual image
and the haiku today is called you don't
even have to title your haiku but this
one has a title and the title is
loneliness tiny drops of rain slowly
falling from the sky there are tears
from my eyes and when we look at this
haiku we see that there are indeed three
lines the first line is tiny drops of
rain tiny drops of rain which has five
syllables the second line is slowly
falling from the sky slowly falling from
the sky seven syllables and the last is
their tears from my eyes their tears
from my eyes so you have a five seven
five rhyming progression and haiku and
that is really all there is to it and
when you're writing a haiku you really
just need to let the calmness sort of
infect you
and just let yourself go